

Kristin said she had trouble opening that word file so in case any of the rest of you did here is the text:

 

Methods Search Task Force

We employed a standardized approach to access that relevant biomedical literature, recognizing that there was a very large potential pool of citations spanning a heterogeneous set of conditions and exposures.  We used PubMed, with supplemental review of Embase, searching on the terms “attributable risk” or “population risk” and/or “occupational” or “work-related,” combined with key disease-specific terms appropriate to the conditions of interest.  We followed this up by reviewing the citations included in relevant publications, including in pertinent review articles. 

For the occupational burden of asthma and COPD, we limited our broad search to publications published in 2000 or later so as not to be repetitive of the systematic review subsumed in the 2003 ATS Statement (Balmes J, Becklake M, Blanc P, Henneberger P, Kreiss K, Mapp C, Milton D, Schwartz D, Toren K, Viegi G; American Thoracic Society Statement: Occupational contribution to the burden of airway disease. Am J Respir Crit Care Med. 2003 Mar 1;167(5):787-97.)  For the occupational burden asthma, we further relied on the later systematic review through June 2007 (Henneberger PK, Redlich CA, Callahan DB, Harber P, Lemière C, Martin J, Tarlo SM, Vandenplas O, Torén K. ATS Statement on work-related exacerbation of asthma An official american thoracic society statement: work-exacerbated asthma . Am J Respir Crit Care Med. 2011 Aug 1;184(3):368-78) and the review of Blanc and Toren of interval publications from the original ATS statement through 2007 (Torén K, Blanc PD. Asthma caused by occupational exposures is common - a systematic analysis of estimates of the population-attributable fraction. BMC Pulm Med. 2009 Jan 29;9:7) For the occupational burden of COPD we also used data from the through May 2008 in the ATS statement on novel risk factors for COPD (Eisner MD, Anthonisen N, Coultas D, Kuenzli N, Perez-Padilla R, Postma D, Romieu I, Silverman EK, Balmes JR. An official American Thoracic Society public policy statement: Novel risk factors and the global burden of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Am J Respir Crit Care Med. 2010 Sep 1;182(5):693-718) as well as from the review of Blanc and Toren (Blanc PD, Torén K. Occupation in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and chronic bronchitis: an update. Int J Tuberc Lung Dis. 2007; 11:251-7), and from other published reviews (including meta-analyses) on the question of the occupational risk COPD and chronic bronchitis (need key citations).        

 
From: Blanc, Paul
Sent: Sunday, September 18, 2016 3:18 PM
To: Balmes, John (john.balmes@ucsf.edu); cvx5@cdc.gov; Nicola.Murgia@unipg.it; NAIDOON@ukzn.ac.za; carrie.redlich@yale.edu; D.Fishwick@sheffield.ac.uk; david.miedinger@suva.ch; carl.reynolds@imperial.ac.uk; ts@ph.au.dk; denisvinnikov@mail.ru; isabella.annesi-maesano@inserm.fr; kjell.toren@amm.gu.se
Subject: Task Force Follow-up

 

Dear Task Force Members–

 

I attach to things.

 

1.        My initial attempt at a less prescriptive text on our search strategy being more pragmatic.

2.       The photo.

 

Paul  

